this for the bitches nigga house how to
anything cause you anything you want me
to do I me understand around the world
six times a bad bitch and every part of
the world's been mine but you can change
me maybe you can change me oh shit look
I'm already not the same seat surely you
make me feel brand new I'm not running
game girl I swear you do you to cola
hole into I thanked me and you girl is
not we can't do you like girls are like
girls too we got something in common now
they'll get that be a problem shoulder
this land let's dance let's straight
let's fuck right here right now shit we
only live once I should not be
reprimanded I could not be blamed my
love song never seen I'm trying to get
it is I had you coming down your candy
gross get it wet it in Niagara Falls to
climax that song I'm cuz i do so many
things for you do anything oh do
anything but stay don't know the reason
why I do all the things I do for you I'm
you should be fucking love with me all
the water sloshes guys keep a bad bitch
okay retro drinking you're sipping my
wet look man shouting guy asked today's
I smack a city watch you wave when
espresso my brain so hate games likes
the pain so could i get the finer things
like tennis
bracelets and change goods and I'm in
brains I'm giving her the finer things
that's why she don't complain I kind of
got an open man i scoped essay on
differences of glow we international net
whoa hey Jane um yeah cuz i do so many
things for you you know my Santa phrase
I'll do anything but they don't know the
bees are rolled up why I do all the
things I do for you down now we can tell
me up do anything else too much man you
know I will do thanks both understand
I'll do not take some time won't you
save but you know how I feel how to i
should get answer whenever i feel like i
was going after the lizard i'll give me
a bitch me a very much I'll do come at
me with that boat I'll do I'll do to do
to do plenty big for you girl I'll do
hey
you